# Scrambled Word Game:
This will be a game where you will have to unscramble a word to move up into different levels. It will start with level 1 where you will have to unscramble a three letter word. If you guess the word correctly, you will move to level 2. If you guess incorrectly, you will be stuck on the certain level until you guess the correct word. Moving on to level 2, you will have to unscramble a 5 letter word. The same pattern will occur that if you guess correctly, you will move to the last and hardest level. Moving on the last level (level 3), you will have to unscramble the longest word yet! This level will be the most challenging. If you guess correctly, then you have won the entire game! 
# Usage:
Anyone can use this fun game for brain stimulation and to also learn new words. Kids or adults in school can practice new and more challenging words to expand their vocabulary. This game can be played by anyone, anytime, and anywhere!
# How to use:
When you first begin the game you will be presented with a welcome note that will let the player know that you have to unscramble the presented word to move up in the three levels. For the first level, they will be presented with a 3 letter scrambled word for level one which is the easiest level. You will then have to unscramble the word in order to move up to the next level. Once you correctly unscramble the word you will get the opportunity to move on to level two and then to the last level, level three. Each level you successfully pass, there will be a new word that increases with difficulty. The final level will be the most difficult and once the word is unscrambled, you will have successfully won the word scrambled game! Have fun!

